README.md, before:

# Simple and Fast Subdivision
<s>[Demo](https://rawcdn.githack.com/lingochen/FastSubd/2f0bc924c59b363ff22817e3b1b894efe9b7ce68/index.html).</s>
require WebGL 2.

Any feedback, problem, remark or question about the code, file an issue or contact me at boeing.chen@gmail.com


## Screenshots
![Spot no subdivision](media/spot_subd0.png) ![Spot subdivision level 1](media/spot_subd1.png)


## Benefits
Simple to implemented and used.

Subdivision surface use tiny amount of data. Since compute improve faster than bandwidth for the forseeable future, we want to optimize for data size.

Perfectly suit for web based workflow.


## Implementation Info
Inspired by [A HalfEdge Refinement Rule for Parallel Catmull-Clark Subdivision](https://onrendering.com/) by Jonathan Dupuy, Kenneth Vanhoey

Major difference is that instead of using quad after one subdivision, we use the same DirectedEdge representation for subdivision.

[design_note](docs/design_note.md)

[api](docs/api.md)

[reference](docs/referenc.md)

## Roadmap
[Roadmap](docs/roadmap.md)

Commit message:

Document why we want Subdivision Surfaces in README.md.
FossilOrigin-Name: 2c4868f5dab48be95d00b5200f9bc1eed86466cda33e49db64b47f45b9468302

README.md, after:

# Simple and Fast Subdivision Reboot
<s>[Demo]().</s>
require WebGL 2.

MIT LICENSE. Any feedback, problem, remark or question about the code, file an issue or contact me at boeing.chen@gmail.com


## Screenshots
![Spot no subdivision](media/spot_subd0.png) ![Spot subdivision level 1](media/spot_subd1.png)

## Why Subdivision Surfaces
We want smooth surfaces which polygon meshes arent.

NURBS is not the solution because we must stitch togther multiple NURBS patches to model complex geometry, and that cause problems when animating.

Subdivision surfaces(Catmull-Clark, Loop) are generalization of spline curves/surfaces.

Subdivision surface use small amount of data. We want ot optimize for data size since compute improve faster than memory bandwidth for the forseeable future.

## Implementation Goals
Manifold polygon meshes used directly as subdivision surfaces.

Simple to implemented, used and fast.

## Implementation Info
Inspired by [A HalfEdge Refinement Rule for Parallel Catmull-Clark Subdivision](https://onrendering.com/) by Jonathan Dupuy, Kenneth Vanhoey

Major difference is that instead of using quad after one subdivision, we use the same DirectedEdge representation for subdivision.

[design_note](docs/design_note.md)

[api](docs/api.md)

[reference](docs/referenc.md)

## Roadmap
[Roadmap](docs/roadmap.md)
