docs/design_note.md, before:

[readme](../README.md)  | [roadmap](roadmap.md) | [api](api.md) | [reference](reference.md)

Consideration, Goal,

unify representation for rendering and editing. simple data structure, yet fast subdivision.

direct subdivision from editable mesh.

contiguous sequential array update, (performance)

DirectedEdge Array, (performance, easy update, subdivision)

use meshcolortexture/ptex/htex.

avoid false sharing

parallel implementation (gpu), [cpu](multithread.md)

wasm, (sharedtypearray is slow? )

rethink pull shader [pullShader](pullshader.md)

good name, [sane api](api.md)

[morton order(z-curve)](morton.md) of polygons, better spatial data locality/access.

Limitation/PitFall

directededge must be contiguous without hole or freed space. add another layer to solved it for editing purpose.

so we needs flexibility to handle the editing operation, and the underlying data can be optimized and contiguous at will.(@done, 2023/12)

nice to have?

hierarchical subdivision surface?


[UV TexCoord Attribute](uv_texcoord.md)

[PTex HTex](ptexhtex.md)

[HalfEdge Array](halfedge.md)

[DirectedEdge Array](directededge.md)

[Reference](reference.md)

Commit message:

Refactor to do code cleanup and rearragement. Document the new direction we are taking this project. Editable Polygon Mesh with underlying triangle directededge mesh.
FossilOrigin-Name: 50bbcfd66504d3a745d23623e7d9c86777697b384e56141ac65617f549fe9466

docs/design_note.md, after:

[readme](../README.md)  | [roadmap](roadmap.md) | [api](api.md) | [reference](reference.md)

Consideration, Goal,

unify representation for rendering and editing. simple data structure, yet fast subdivision.

direct subdivision from editable mesh.

contiguous sequential array update, (performance)

DirectedEdge Array, (performance, easy update, subdivision)

use meshcolortexture/ptex/htex.

avoid false sharing.

parallel implementation (gpu), [cpu](multithread.md)

wasm, (sharedtypearray is slow? )

rethink pull shader [pullShader](pullshader.md)

good name, [sane api](api.md)

[morton order(z-curve)](morton.md) of polygons, better spatial data locality/access.

Limitation/PitFall

directededge must be contiguous without hole or freed space. add another layer to solved it for editing purpose.

so we needs flexibility to handle the editing operation, and the underlying data can be optimized and contiguous at will.(@done, 2023/12)

now design an halfEdge based PolygonMesh to handle editing, and internally we use triangle directEdge mesh to handle the subdivision, drawing, and collision.

nice to have?

hierarchical subdivision surface?


[UV TexCoord Attribute](uv_texcoord.md)

[PTex HTex](ptexhtex.md)

[HalfEdge Array](halfedge.md)

[DirectedEdge Array](directededge.md)

[Reference](reference.md)
